Katello upgrade docs improvement for EL 8 (#1397)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Upgrading_and_Updating/topics/upgrading_a_connected_satellite_server.adoc

----
# foreman-rake katello:upgrade_check
----
. Update operating system packages:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# yum update -y
----
. Update repositories
+
.For Centos 7 or {RHEL} 7 Users:
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# yum update -y https://yum.theforeman.org/releases/{ProjectVersion}/el7/x86_64/foreman-release.rpm \
                https://yum.theforeman.org/katello/{KatelloVersion}/katello/el7/x86_64/katello-repos-latest.rpm
# yum install -y centos-release-scl-rh
----
+
.For Enterprise Linux 8 or {RHEL} 8 Users:
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# dnf update -y https://yum.theforeman.org/releases/{ProjectVersion}/el8/x86_64/foreman-release.rpm \
                https://yum.theforeman.org/katello/{KatelloVersion}/katello/el8/x86_64/katello-repos-latest.rpm
----

> // This step is only needed for upgrades to Katello 4.5 and later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This comment is not necessary because we will only merge to master and cherry-pick to Foreman 3.3/Katello 4.5 as you've selected.

Author: Okay thank you, removed the line

> . Make sure the Module Streams are enabled for Enterprise Linux 8 and {RHEL} 8:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Ensure the Module Streams are enabled for Enterprise Linux 8 and {RHEL} 8:
```

I don't know for sure about capitalization of "module streams".

Author: I always wondered what the correct form to write the streams is, thank you for the correction!
